Remove greybox on sharing, replace with figs/captions/references (#5)
dib-lab/2020-workflows-paper: content/05.strategies.md

![**Examples of computational notebooks.** Computational notebooks allow the user to mix text, code, and results in one document. 
**A** A shows an RMarkdown document viewed in the RStudio integrated development environment, while **B** shows a rendered HTML file produced by knitting the RMarkdown document. 
**C** A Jupyter Notebook, where code, text, and results are rendered inline as each code chunk is executed. 
The second grey chunk is a raw markdown chunk with text that will be rendered inline when executed. 
Both notebooks generate a histogram of a metadata feature, number of generations, from a long-term evolution experiment with *Escherichia coli* [@doi:10.1038/nature18959]. 
Computational notebooks facilitate sharing by packaging narrative, code, and visualizations together. 
Computational notebooks can be packaged with tools like Binder [@doi:10.25080/Majora-4af1f417-011]. 
Binder makes a GitHub repository executable, using package management systems and docker to build reproducible and executable software environments specified in the repository.

> Binders can be shared with collaborators (or students in a classroom setting), and analysis and visualization can be ephemerally reproduced or altered from the code provided in computational notebooks.  

Reviewer: "ephemerally reproduced"  🤗

These tools are also great for teaching, as they provide consistent learner interfaces and environments.

![Interactive vizualizations facilitate sharing and repeatability. 
**A** Interactive vizualization dashboard in the Pavian Shiny app for metagenomic analysis [@url:https://fbreitwieser.shinyapps.io/pavian/; @doi:10.1093/bioinformatics/btz715]. 
Shiny allows you to build interactive web pages using R code. 
Data is manipulated  by R code in real-time in a web page, producing analysis and visualizations of a data set. 
Shiny apps can contain user-specifiable parameters, allowing a user to control visualizations or analyses. As seen above, sample "PT1" is selected, and taxonomic ranks class and order are excluded. 
Shiny apps allow collaborators who may or may not know R to change R visualisations to fit their interests.   
**B** Plotly heatmap of transcriptional profiling in human brain samples [@url:https://plotly.com/python/v3/ipython-notebooks/bioinformatics/#4-heatmap-of-gene-expression].
Hovering over a cell in the heatmap displays the sample names from the x and y axis, as well as the intensity value. 

> Plotling tools like plotly and vega-lite produce single interactive that can be shared with collaborators or integrated into websites [@url:https://plotly.com/; @doi:10.1109/TVCG.2016.2599030].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plotting tools like plotly and vega-lite produce single interactive plots that can be shared with collaborators or integrated into websites [@url:https://plotly.com/; @doi:10.1109/TVCG.2016.2599030].
```
